Poolmgr concurrency (#215)
fission/docs.fission.io: docs/content/en/docs/concepts/components/core/executor.md

PoolManager is great for functions that are **short-living** and requires a **short 
cold start time** [1].

In previous versions, PoolManager has certain limitations. It used to select only 

> one pod per function, which is not suitable for serving massive traffic. To overcome 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one pod per function, which is not suitable if you want to serve more requests in parallel. To overcome 
```
